"The weather warmed up. I met with and addressed the city commission in clovis and the county commission of curry. Toured a great local s ..."
"Nearly $70 million in weatherization funding for Maine: 
"Tea party day(and tax day). I will b protesting the imposition of carbon tax without any justification. I will b n ft worth & arlington"
"Going to arlington tea party to protest proposed carbon tax & elimination of tax deductions. Then to ft worth. Come join me #teaparty #txtea"
"Going to be on the floor tonight discussing clean energy with the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition. Check it out on CSPAN."
"Participating n climate change hearing. I asked energy secretary where oil in alaska came from. answer puzzles-from continental plate shift"
"Happy Earth Day!"
"Will be on America's Newsroom on Fox News debating carbon tax cap & trade at 9:30 eastern time. Then-will be in hearing with Gore & Gingrich"
"Going to the senate floor to advocate for a bill to help states that face catastrophic risk like hurricanes and earthquakes"
"Back and forth w/ Frank Beckman WJR  on global warming.  He dismisses it  - I say we need to invest in tech of future to W&M hearing"
"Energy and commerce committee mark up on climate change cap & trade bill is beginning. Link is :  
"CBO: global warming bill moving through Cong will either be major tax increase or massive expansion of fed govt 
"WSJ: Spending a fortune on global carbon regulations will benefit a few, but dearly cost everybody else. 
"Greenhouse gas emissions decrease by 2.8% - largest drop in 19 years 
"Introduced a bill that will encourage environmental research at LANL"
"NMFBIHOP post on new legislation to promote environmental research at LANL: 
"Just finished a mark-up in s&t committee on my national environmental research park bill"
"Lvg PDX for DC.  12OO+ page cap and trade/tax global warming bill unveiled last night, vote scheduled for Fri.  Biomass/hydro not fixed."
"Rep. Lujan News: Committee on Science and Technology Passes Rep. Luj Environmental Research .. 
"Impact of #capandtrade    #AESG #Energy #ACES #tcot"
"I will be on cnbc tv show  to debate cap & tax climate change bill. The bill will be on the house floor later today"
"We r in the middle of the climate change debate. The facts are indisputable-jobs will be lost if it passes and prices will go up"
"debate on the cap & tax climate change bill is concluding.  The vote is going to b close.  If passed-will be largest tax & job killer ever"
"voted for HR 2454-a bill to reduce global warming & create millions of new American manufacturing jobs  while protecting energy consumers."
"The house just passed 219-212 the climate change cap& tax bill. I voted  and led the floor fight against this bill."
"Washington Times: 'Cap and Frown- Global warming bill could cost $6,800 per family' 
"I will be on fox news at 9:30 am(central) discussing the just passed cap&tax climate bill and EPA's  scandal"
"My environmental research park bill is going to be on the floor tomorrow - check out CSPAN around noon est to watch"
"News: Rep. Luj Environmental Research Park Bill on the House Floor Today:  14, 2009 
"News: Rep. Luj Environmental Research Park Bill on the House Floor Today 
"Blog: Watch Rep. Luj Present His Environmental Research Park Bill on the House Floor 
"News: Rep. Luj Presents His Environmental Research Park Bill on House Floor 
"Amazing, when you think about it. Took NASA about eight years to figure it out, and go from earth to the moon."
"News: Rep. Luj Environmental Research Parks Bill Passes the House 
"News: Rep. Luj Meets with Taos Youths on Climate Change 
"just heard the weather is not looking good for shuttle landing at KSC toady #NASA"
"hoping for a launch, but weather not cooperating for a Delta II launch this AM at the Cape. window is 830-9am"
